Create v0l release notes (#1011)
punch-mission/punchbowl: docs/data/data_versions.rst

A history of data version releases is given below.

Version 0l
----------
- Released ???? June ???, 2026 ????
- Data improvements

>   - Fix labeling of NFI +60 & -60 degree polarization states (https://github.com/punch-mission/punchbowl/pull/953).

Reviewer: When you say fix, was it incorrect before? If so, it would be helpful for users to know what was wrong with the previous version (e.g., was it backwards before this fix?)

Reviewer: Also change "Fix" to "Fixed" to match verb tense of other bullets.

  - Alignment #TODO
  - Point Spread Function #TODO
  - Polarization #TODO
  - Starfield modeling and subtraction are much improved:

>     - We now interpolate between the starfield models that are valid at distinct times in order to avoid sudden jumps in the subtacted values (https://github.com/punch-mission/punchbowl/pull/932).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Implemented interpolation between the starfield models that are valid at distinct times in order to avoid sudden jumps in the subtacted values (https://github.com/punch-mission/punchbowl/pull/932).
```

>     - We made changes to avoid holes in starfield maps resulting from insufficient per-pixel data (https://github.com/punch-mission/punchbowl/pull/949).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Added functionality to avoid holes in starfield maps resulting from insufficient per-pixel data (https://github.com/punch-mission/punchbowl/pull/949).
```

  - For polarized mosaic quicklook images, the default layer is now pB instead of tB (https://github.com/punch-mission/punchbowl/pull/894).

>   - Linear or non-linear calibration can now be done per-polarizer state (https://github.com/punch-mission/punchbowl/pull/966).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Implemented per-polarizer-state linear or non-linear calibration (https://github.com/punch-mission/punchbowl/pull/966).
```

- Metadata improvements
  - The spacecraft velocities are now written correctly in Level 0 files and used in alignment (https://github.com/punch-mission/punchbowl/pull/951).
  - Spacecraft positions and velocities are included in FITS headers in several new Earth-centric frames, and are tied to the center of the exposure window (https://github.com/punch-mission/punchbowl/pull/964).
  - DATE-BEG and DATE-END in Level 2 & 3 files now represent the earliest DATE-BEG and latest DATE-END of the input Level 1 files. Previously the DATE-BEG, DATE-OBS, and DATE-END of the Level 3 files were identical (https://github.com/punch-mission/punchbowl/pull/948).
  - Additional date keywords are passed through the polarization transformations (https://github.com/punch-mission/punchbowl/pull/961).
  - The CRVAL right ascension value produced by alignment is now wrapped to between 0 and 360 degrees (https://github.com/punch-mission/punchbowl/pull/973).

>   - L3_CAM/L3_PAM OUTLIER keyword was logically inverted, is now corrected (https://github.com/punch-mission/punchbowl/pull/934).

Reviewer: This is an excellent example of a bullet point that provides information on the previous problem and the outcome of the fix!
